Did Mr. Leemans say this genetic manipulation does n't hurt the growth of that plant ?
Did they attache a second gene , for herbicide resistance , to the pollen-inhibiting gene ?
Did he say `` There is a large market out there hungry for hybrid seeds , '' ?
Is the clash a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan 's once-cozy financial circles ?
Are the consequences already being felt by other players in the financial markets -- even governments ?
Was what triggered the latest clash a skirmish over the timing of a New Zealand government bond issue ?
Does the dispute clearly show the global power of Japan 's financial titans ?
Aside from Nomura 's injured pride , has the biggest victim so far been the New Zealand government ?
With Japan 's cash-flush banks aligned against it , though , might raising money be difficult ?
Did New Zealand 's finance minister , David Caygill , lash out at such suggestions ?
Did he tell Radio New Zealand `` It may very well be what the Japanese banks want , '' ?
Are both sides jealously guarding their turf , and have relations been at a flashpoint for months ?
Do the banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business ?
And do their suspicions of each other run deep ?
In the past year , have both tried to stretch the limits of their businesses ?
Has the New Zealand bond issue simply brought the two institutions face-to-face ?
Was John A. Conlon Jr. , 45 , named a managing director at this investment-banking company ?
Will he be in charge of research , equity sales and trading , and the syndicate operation of Rothschild ?
As Yogi Berra might say , is it deja vu all over again ?
Does Paul Blair , the Orioles ' eight-time Gold Glove winner , elegantly shag a fly in the outfield ?
Does he say `` Old-time kiddies , '' ?
Perhaps ?
For everyone involved , is it one more swig of that elixir of youth , baseball ?
Until the baby-faced heroes of today reclaim these ballparks for spring training , is there one more ?
And not just for the players ?
Does Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pore over last wills and testaments, early in the morning ?
Does he don an orange-and-blue uniform midmorning , and , for fun , may field a bunt from Dave Kingman ?
Is it one more , too , for the fans who dream of a season that never ends ?
When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season , did 730 respond ? 
Eventually , did about 250 make the trip to Florida to compete for the available slots ?
Is the lure money, for some players -- up to $ 15,000 a month ?
`` Is my fastball good ?
Real good , '' does 39-year-old Pete Broberg say, working in the midday heat of the Tropics camp ?
For a long time , did he ignore baseball altogether , even the sports pages ?
Does Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , now claim he 'd play for free ?
Does he say `` You ca n't give it up that easily , '' ?
`` Did I try ? ''
Did he give up seven hits , did he walk five and did he not get a decision ?
Did arm troubles force him back to the minors the next year ?
Does he mean the rule that a player ca n't cut it after a certain age ?
Does he hustle these days to house-painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics ?
Do some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle-aged men attempting a young man 's sport ?
`` Do I feel people should be allowed to remember players as they were ? ''
But do the ballplayers disagree ?
Are most trim ?
Have some been training for months ; did others only recently leave active status ?
And is there pride ?
Does the 47-year-old Mr. Campaneris promise `` It 's going to be a tough league , '' ?
`` Will there be a lot of malice ? ''
Are men who have played hard all their lives not about to change their habits , does he say ?
