Was this why some of the audience departed before or during the second half ?
Or was it because Ms. Collins had gone ?
Is this the future of chamber music ?
Now was that a quarter cup or a half cup ?
Does this corporation have a high-quality management team with a good track record ?
Does this team have a viable strategy for improving shareholder values , and does this strategy require implementation over an extended period ?
Will the adoption of this particular form of a poison pill significantly improve the chances for management to carry out this strategy ?
Do they want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause ?
Is the trouble over ?
Can Sihanouk and Hun Sen knock off the Khmer Rouge still supported by China ?
Would n't the Japanese like a piece of it ?
Is somebody telling us something ?
Do you think the British know something that we do n't ?
But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ?
And has he truly persuaded the Communist Party to accept economic change of a kind that will , sooner or later , lead to its demise ?
Is n't this the same guy who resigned as Navy secretary because he could n't get his 1,000-ship Navy ?
But is exile in Hollywood enough ?
With friends like Mr. Sohmer , do the feminists of Hollywood need enemies ?
Does the tyke have a good mind about to be wasted ?
Is he a victim of Gramm-Rudman cuts ?
Or can we ask you why you changed your forecast just when it 's about to be right ? ''
Will Ogonyok begin a series of reports analyzing the failures of perestroika ?
With all this , can stock prices hold their own ?
Does the Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents , black and white , do not realize racism alienates potential employers ?
Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards , mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- abstinence or contraceptives -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy ?
Does the Journal really believe that people ignore the prospect of having a substantial part of their capital confiscated when they decide whether to save or how to invest ?
Will he , if he wins , be in the thrall of the most liberal of his allies , who advocate such policies as rent control for commercial buildings , or will he tilt toward the real-estate interests that have funneled money into his campaign ?
But is it realistic for Congress to mandate by a rigid deadline a system that has not yet been subjected to feasibility studies ?
As members of the Black Caucus in Congress asked during the debate on the legislation that freed Dr. Morgan , does anyone seriously believe that if she were an uneducated , black , working-class woman , Congress would have rushed to pass a private relief bill freeing her ?
Can `` Masterpiece Theatre '' make a compelling human story out of the discovery of insulin ?
Has the San Francisco earthquake caused you to forget Hugo ?
Are those declines enough to signal a partial return to stocks ?
Will the investments pay off ?
Is n't it true that you were so worked up that framing Mr. Laff for this crime was the least that you planned for him ? ''
Do the Japanese feel so superior that they can not find capable American managers ?
Would he suggest that employees of an American company doing business in Japan conform to their new bosses ' culture and philosophy ?
Will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies ?
Given the weakness of the junk-bond market , can he finance a buy-out ?
Or is it that Mr. Z. is getting a little tired of `` Traviata '' ?
Are n't we , after all , the inevitable culmination of that stately pageant called evolution ?
Remember those bulky , thick-walled refrigerators of 30 years ago ?
But does it have to be so soon ?
Are the hats merely part of her new L.A. persona , along with the many ultra-thin Capri cigarettes she smokes , the parties she throws for 500 people , the Chekovian feasts she offers guests at her weekend place in Santa Barbara ?
Can you imagine ?
`` Even if it 's only 1 % , '' says GM 's Mr. Barabba , `` would you throw away sales the size of Polaroid ? ''
Are consumers too deep in hock ?
Was not the title very clear ?
Really now , did she have to ask ?
Were not the pictures and happenings , which have been continuing news headlines , answers enough ?
Does n't anybody here want to win this mayor 's race ?
Remember them ?
But what about all those non-duck ducks flapping over Washington ?
Using it , would n't a professional hesitate to pay tens of thousands of dollars just for a chance to invest witha planner ?
Do they really believe that the number is just for verification and is simply a formality on the road to being a grand-prize winner ?
Did I buy it ?
But you knew that , did n't you ?
Should the rest of the Series be played at all ?
Were we smart or just lucky ?
But will it ?
Should n't they properly be called exit-load funds ?
So , is the tax code now open game again ?
Will you pour me a drop of water , if you do n't mind ? ''
When President Bush arrives here next week for a hemispheric summit organized to commemorate a century of Costa Rican democracy , will he be able to deliver a credible message in the wake of the Panamanian fiasco ?
Was the man who once was pro-choice , but later pro-life , converting again ?
Does the candidate favor parental consent for teen-age abortions ?
Is there any empirical support for this theory ?
Is an American Secretary of State seriously suggesting that the Khmer Rouge should help govern Cambodia ?
ARE CORPORATE profits distributed fairly ?
Could he plausibly interpret it as encouragement for the Fed to give primary emphasis to stabilizing the price level ?
Or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ?
Must it now accept that one of its strongest allies blames it for the genocide of another people ?
Did the stock-market tremors of Friday , Oct. 13 , presage larger fragility , far greater upheavals ?
Are the engineering and architecture of the economy as vulnerable as the spans of the Bay Bridge ?
But now that they 're settling down and raising families , might they also show more stability in their brand choices ?
But will it be enough ?
Does Mr. Steinhardt regret his incursion into the takeover-threat game ?
Could the collapse of I-880 have been prevented ?
Would Mr. Laband also suggest that the Red Cross , Salvation Army , military units , police , fire departments , rescue units and individual citizens cease their efforts to assist Hugo 's victims because they interfere with his concept of the `` free market '' ?
Should they , too , stop `` messing with '' his free market ?
Should they be required to pay claims based on exorbitant costs for labor and materials ?
If the tax on any gain to those assets was doubled , would n't the value fall to the owners of the assets ?
Is n't it reasonable to assume that the asset you own would be worth more if the government suddenly announced that if you sold it , you would be able to keep 30 % more of its gain than you previously believed ?
Is such a view justified ?
In the absence of humans , would the Earth enjoy a constant climate over the long term ?
In the end , is Mr. Noriega the political equivalent of Frankenstein 's monster , created by a well-intentioned but misguided foreign power ?
Did Mr. Loeb , his tipper , breach a fiduciary duty -LRB- and , if so , to whom -RRB- ?
Did Mr. Loeb seek personal gain -LRB- and if so , how -RRB- ?
Or did Mr. Chestman only hear a market rumor -LRB- which one may lawfully trade upon -RRB- ?
Was there a fiduciary breach in order to obtain personal gain ?
Did Mr. Freeman have notice of this ?
Finally , was the information material ?
Can a security analyst call an investment banker to make certain that a seemingly improbable rumor is in fact false ?
Could n't we save $ 20 billion or $ 30 billion a year by shifting that stuff to the reserves ?
Have the freedoms of glasnost gone to Mr. Ovcharenko 's head ?
Is the market up or down ? ''
Should you really own stocks ?
