Does Ms. Haag play Elianti ?
Did Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Inc. say it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 ?
Did the luxury auto maker last year sell 1,214 cars in the U.S.
Did BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increase its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share ?
Will the new rate be payable Feb. 15 ?
Has n't a record date been set ?
Does Bell , based in Los Angeles , make and distribute electronic , computer and building products ?
Would the proposed changes also allow executives to r?port exercises of options later and less often ?
`` Did the commission apparently not really believe in this ideal ? ''
But do about 25 % of the insiders , according to SEC figures , file their reports late ?
Did he say the SEC will probably vote on the proposal early next year ?
Do not all those who wrote oppose the changes ?
Would, according to some estimates , the rule changes cut insider filings by more than a third ?
Did the SEC 's Mr. Lane vehemently dispute those estimates ?
Did he say the proposed rules also would be tougher on the insiders still required to file reports ?
Did he add investors who want to change the required timing should write their representatives in Congress ?
Are both funds expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval ?
Must a college also approve the plan for its employees to sign up for the options ?
Are some 4,300 institutions part of the pension fund ?
Has Richard Stoltzman taken a gentler , more audience-friendly approach ?
But ca n't you dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight ?
Does he believe in what he plays , and does he play superbly ?
Did Bach 's `` Air '' follow ?
Did that go over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings ?
Was this why some of the audience departed before or during the second half ?
-LRB- Does Mr. Reich 's new `` Different Trains '' for string quartet use the technique magisterially ? -RRB-
Is this the future of chamber music ?
But was it neither deep nor lasting : light entertainment that was no substitute for an evening of Brahms ?
Is Ms. Waleson a free-lance writer based in New York ?
Did he in fact liberate the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO ?
Is this is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture ?
Have the remaining members ever since been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group ?
Are UNESCO apologists now lobbying President Bush to renege on President Reagan 's decision to depart ?
But can we think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond ?
Did UNESCO somehow convert the founding U.N. ideals of individual rights and liberty into `` peoples ' rights ? ''
Is UNESCO now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects ?
Has n't he been able to replace the M'Bow cabal ?
May other countries , including West Germany , have a hard time justifying continued membership ?
Do we see an even stronger argument against UNESCO than its unsurprising failure to reform ?
Are the Babelists of the United Nations experts at obfuscation ?
Can we see plenty of reasons to stay out , and none to rejoin UNESCO ?
Did the researchers say they have isolated a plant gene that prevents the production of pollen ?
Can the gene thus prevent a plant from fertilizing itself ?
Do they sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male-sterile plants ?
Is the vast majority of the U.S. corn crop now grown from hybrid seeds produced by seed companies ?
Is a similar technique almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice ?
Are the anthers in these plants difficult to clip off ?
Did Mr. Leemans say this genetic manipulation does n't hurt the growth of that plant ?
Did they attache a second gene , for herbicide resistance , to the pollen-inhibiting gene ?
Did he say `` There is a large market out there hungry for hybrid seeds , '' ?
Is the clash a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan 's once-cozy financial circles ?
Are the consequences already being felt by other players in the financial markets -- even governments ?
Was what triggered the latest clash a skirmish over the timing of a New Zealand government bond issue ?
Does the dispute clearly show the global power of Japan 's financial titans ?
Aside from Nomura 's injured pride , has the biggest victim so far been the New Zealand government ?
With Japan 's cash-flush banks aligned against it , though , might raising money be difficult ?
Did New Zealand 's finance minister , David Caygill , lash out at such suggestions ?
Did he tell Radio New Zealand `` It may very well be what the Japanese banks want , '' ?
Are both sides jealously guarding their turf , and have relations been at a flashpoint for months ?
Do the banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business ?
And do their suspicions of each other run deep ?
In the past year , have both tried to stretch the limits of their businesses ?
Has the New Zealand bond issue simply brought the two institutions face-to-face ?
Was John A. Conlon Jr. , 45 , named a managing director at this investment-banking company ?
Will he be in charge of research , equity sales and trading , and the syndicate operation of Rothschild ?
As Yogi Berra might say , is it deja vu all over again ?
Does Paul Blair , the Orioles ' eight-time Gold Glove winner , elegantly shag a fly in the outfield ?
Does he say `` Old-time kiddies , '' ?
Perhaps ?
For everyone involved , is it one more swig of that elixir of youth , baseball ?
Until the baby-faced heroes of today reclaim these ballparks for spring training , is there one more ?
And not just for the players ?
Does Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pore over last wills and testaments, early in the morning ?
Does he don an orange-and-blue uniform midmorning , and , for fun , may field a bunt from Dave Kingman ?
Is it one more , too , for the fans who dream of a season that never ends ?
When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season , did 730 respond ? 
Eventually , did about 250 make the trip to Florida to compete for the available slots ?
Is the lure money, for some players -- up to $ 15,000 a month ?
`` Is my fastball good ?
Real good , '' does 39-year-old Pete Broberg say, working in the midday heat of the Tropics camp ?
For a long time , did he ignore baseball altogether , even the sports pages ?
Does Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , now claim he 'd play for free ?
Does he say `` You ca n't give it up that easily , '' ?
`` Did I try ? ''
Did he give up seven hits , did he walk five and did he not get a decision ?
Did arm troubles force him back to the minors the next year ?
Does he mean the rule that a player ca n't cut it after a certain age ?
Does he hustle these days to house-painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics ?
Do some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle-aged men attempting a young man 's sport ?
`` Do I feel people should be allowed to remember players as they were ? ''
But do the ballplayers disagree ?
Are most trim ?
Have some been training for months ; did others only recently leave active status ?
And is there pride ?
Does the 47-year-old Mr. Campaneris promise `` It 's going to be a tough league , '' ?
`` Will there be a lot of malice ? ''
Are men who have played hard all their lives not about to change their habits , does he say ?
