This was why some of the audience departed before or during the second half .
Or it was because Ms. Collins had gone .
This is the future of chamber music .
Now that was a quarter cup or a half cup .
This corporation has a high-quality management team with a good track record .
This team has a viable strategy for improving shareholder values , and this strategy requires implementation over an extended period .
The adoption of this particular form of a poison pill will significantly improve the chances for management to carry out this strategy .
They want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause .
The trouble is over .
Sihanouk and Hun Sen can knock off the Khmer Rouge still supported by China .
The Japanese would not like a piece of it .
Somebody is telling us something .
You think the British know something that we do n't .
But he is so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill .
And he has truly persuaded the Communist Party to accept economic change of a kind that will , sooner or later , lead to its demise .
This is not the same guy who resigned as Navy secretary because he could n't get his 1,000-ship Navy .
But exile in Hollywood is enough .
With friends like Mr. Sohmer , the feminists of Hollywood need enemies .
The tyke has a good mind about to be wasted .
He is a victim of Gramm-Rudman cuts .
Or we can ask you why you changed your forecast just when it 's about to be right .
Ogonyok will begin a series of reports analyzing the failures of perestroika .
With all this , stock prices can hold their own .
The Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents , black and white , do not realize racism alienates potential employers .
We should focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards , mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- abstinence or contraceptives -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy .
The Journal really believes that people ignore the prospect of having a substantial part of their capital confiscated when they decide whether to save or how to invest .
He will , if he wins , be in the thrall of the most liberal of his allies , who advocate such policies as rent control for commercial buildings , or he will tilt toward the real-estate interests that have funneled money into his campaign .
But it is realistic for Congress to mandate by a rigid deadline a system that has not yet been subjected to feasibility studies .
As members of the Black Caucus in Congress asked during the debate on the legislation that freed Dr. Morgan , anyone seriously believes that if she were an uneducated , black , working-class woman , Congress would have rushed to pass a private relief bill freeing her .
`` Masterpiece Theatre '' can make a compelling human story out of the discovery of insulin .
The San Francisco earthquake has caused you to forget Hugo .
Those declines are enough to signal a partial return to stocks .
The investments will pay off .
It is not true that you were so worked up that framing Mr. Laff for this crime was the least that you planned for him .
The Japanese feel so superior that they can not find capable American managers .
He would suggest that employees of an American company doing business in Japan conform to their new bosses ' culture and philosophy .
He will try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies .
Given the weakness of the junk-bond market , he can finance a buy-out .
Or it is that Mr. Z. is getting a little tired of `` Traviata '' .
We are not , after all , the inevitable culmination of that stately pageant called evolution .
Remember those bulky , thick-walled refrigerators of 30 years ago .
But it does has to be so soon .
The hats are merely part of her new L.A. persona , along with the many ultra-thin Capri cigarettes she smokes , the parties she throws for 500 people , the Chekovian feasts she offers guests at her weekend place in Santa Barbara .
You can imagine .
You would throw away sales the size of Polaroid .
Consumers are too deep in hock .
The title was not very clear .
Really now , she had to ask .
The pictures and happenings , which have been continuing news headlines , were not answers enough .
Somebody here does not want to win this mayor 's race .
Remember them .
But what about all those non-duck ducks flapping over Washington .
Using it , a professional would not hesitate to pay tens of thousands of dollars just for a chance to invest witha planner .
They really believe that the number is just for verification and is simply a formality on the road to being a grand-prize winner .
I bought it .
But you knew that , you did not .
The rest of the Series should be played at all .
We were smart or just lucky .
But it will .
They should not properly be called exit-load funds .
So , the tax code is now open game again .
You will pour me a drop of water , if you do n't mind .
When President Bush arrives here next week for a hemispheric summit organized to commemorate a century of Costa Rican democracy , he will be able to deliver a credible message in the wake of the Panamanian fiasco .
The man who once was pro-choice , but later pro-life , was converting again .
The candidate favors parental consent for teen-age abortions .
There is some empirical support for this theory .
An American Secretary of State is seriously suggesting that the Khmer Rouge should help govern Cambodia .
CORPORATE profits ARE distributed fairly .
He could plausibly interpret it as encouragement for the Fed to give primary emphasis to stabilizing the price level .
Or he would interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels .
It must now accept that one of its strongest allies blames it for the genocide of another people .
The stock-market tremors of Friday , Oct. 13 , presage larger fragility , far greater upheavals .
The engineering and architecture of the economy are as vulnerable as the spans of the Bay Bridge .
But now that they 're settling down and raising families , they might also show more stability in their brand choices .
But it will be enough .
Mr. Steinhardt regrets his incursion into the takeover-threat game .
The collapse of I-880 could have been prevented .
Mr. Laband would also suggest that the Red Cross , Salvation Army , military units , police , fire departments , rescue units and individual citizens cease their efforts to assist Hugo 's victims because they interfere with his concept of the `` free market '' .
They , too , should stop `` messing with '' his free market .
They should be required to pay claims based on exorbitant costs for labor and materials .
If the tax on any gain to those assets was doubled , the value would not fall to the owners of the assets .
It is not reasonable to assume that the asset you own would be worth more if the government suddenly announced that if you sold it , you would be able to keep 30 % more of its gain than you previously believed .
Such a view is justified .
In the absence of humans , the Earth would enjoy a constant climate over the long term .
In the end , Mr. Noriega is the political equivalent of Frankenstein 's monster , created by a well-intentioned but misguided foreign power .
Mr. Loeb , his tipper , breached a fiduciary duty -LRB- and , if so , to whom -RRB- .
Mr. Loeb sought personal gain -LRB- and if so , how -RRB- .
Or Mr. Chestman only heard a market rumor -LRB- which one may lawfully trade upon -RRB- .
There was a fiduciary breach in order to obtain personal gain .
Mr. Freeman had notice of this .
Finally , the information was material .
A security analyst can call an investment banker to make certain that a seemingly improbable rumor is in fact false .
We could not save $ 20 billion or $ 30 billion a year by shifting that stuff to the reserves .
The freedoms of glasnost have gone to Mr. Ovcharenko 's head .
The market is up or down .
You should really own stocks .
